Emo video guys today I'll show you
the expense I just made one more
Everyone was out of breath to the leader
American snacks could not fail
to buy
then I'll show you the shopping and then
I'll give you the test of certain things
I will not do it all because you will understand
themselves that certain things all have
already tasted immediately we begin tract
these nobody you know so burger of
having passed them off he has already tried
in fact he died bought between his teeth
talk to eat at McDonald's though there
put in what I like best
in short, with bought three packs of
these are ready- made compounds there
to make these pancakes here but we'll have to
even those who bought tel
and these later I have to have a snack then
I will review these things here
I show in short, how are i
arm pancakes already approved these makes
and they are the classic American accounts and they are
yummy it seemed dispute didn't stay
a fact with writings are peanuts at
taste like what burgers say
I'm curious enough to know
how are they?
I am very very curious I bought
these I have to put in a while
really in the freezer and that's it
croquettes from the getz chick rodgers e
are twelve are my duty as a Romanist
I love chicken nuggets that he has
bought two packs of hammer and
classic and I do n't love you you can do
great on the panel and they come
very good then i bought in out
bacteria me crazy about the cream
of peanuts and this is like also i
little pieces inside that is mine
my goodbye favorite
then he bought the American phallus
because it is soon I go to the sea and in the
morning and my mum we make the slices
of post with
in the table and therefore these are
perfect because they are abnormal
there is my uncle they are just very big
large and very large and I love this
then I bought some popcorn e
with chocolate on it he bought l
purchase at the bbk you
and then there is the figure or my god
these are the next tastings with you and for
last but not least I have
bought the curry snack pon and barbecue
flame
they are these kinds of chips and their own
with ringing barbecue sign because it knows
of barbecue I now start massage
of these claims nor here
and then I always leave you at the end of
video the review on the pancake though
a little more complicated because I have to put
on the stove so I hope my words can
also that will make you the review
this meanwhile the bbc we do n't open knows of
Todi catch up fine are also great that
nice i am that normal though it is
very spicy they immediately feel the spices
at the beginning ketchup is heard and then yes
just feel the meat just that
screech here all feel good
ingredients I do n't know that kind of
zucchini ct role that there is ketchup here
which is usually placed over the meat
I really like monet then they
they are also many
ok i made the pancake came nice
now the tasting with you
anyway I wanted to say that all the others
things that I bought I will not do
see while tasting like
the burger the raki cream of not
see why they are things you find
however everywhere you can and that
you have certainly already tasted too
you do nicer things like le
but other fries you have to wait
because I did not want to do so alone
I wait for my friends to come to the sea
with me to make videos with their internships
what the video then comes these
pancake is not cute in the beautiful
second but now I try it to taste
with you or even burns a piece
it's practically a dust inside those
rejected that I showed before
400 ml of milk must be added
move well and then put them in the pan and
he will tell you that I didn't expect it like that
good now there is nothing on it
think of it as nutella
my uncle then you can put on honey
maple syrup you like them
this was my video I hope there is
liked and kept them company
many kisses the next hello video